Remove TransitionProps `appear` flag to display lambda in lambda editor modal (#846)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/ten-pants-leave.md

---
'@finos/legend-application': patch
---

> Fix the bug -- Display the lambda when lambda editor modal is open

Reviewer: ````suggestion
Remove TransitionProps `appear` flag to display lambda in lambda editor modal. 
````
